Sourav Rao: Oh yeah.
Sourav Rao: Hey Dushani, how are you?
Sourav Rao: Okay, I cannot hear you for some reason.
Sourav Rao: Okay, now you're audible.
Sourav Rao: Yeah.
Sourav Rao: Hey.
Sourav Rao: Hey.
Sourav Rao: How are you?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: How are you all?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yeah, this is Rohit.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: He is the regional head for our team in Mumbai.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yeah.
Sourav Rao: So I am basically leading the marketing front when it comes to campaigns and.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: All right.
Sourav Rao: I believe I know where this conversation will lead.
Sourav Rao: I had some estimates in mind.
Sourav Rao: I just wanted to understand you guys perspective.
Sourav Rao: I saw the whole.
Sourav Rao: No brokerhood.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: No, it's an app.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It's an app.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It's an app.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yeah.
Sourav Rao: So I typed it over Google.
Sourav Rao: I just wanted to understand like what this conversation is all about.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So sort of we are a part of a company, no broker dot com.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It has a website privately.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And we have an application wherein we provide community and security services to the residential gated societies across the country.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That's how we let brands directly interact with their direct audience.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now this could be digital, this could be offline within the societies itself.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So what we do is we initiate discussions within the families with the assets which we have on our application because residents tend to have an access to our application at least three times a day.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now this may be to check any notifications.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we are a replacement of many applications.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Let's say for no brokers we have all the services, no broken list.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If there is any communication which is Happening Apart from WhatsApp, everything is there on no broker.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If you need to anything within the societies.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If you have let's say second a toy or a car or something within the societies, you can post that ad on a node application.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It becomes a point platform wherein all the residents interact.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Anything which has to be sent to the residents will be done through no brokerhood app.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Therein we have multiple placements where we let brands directly interact with the audience.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Not just three decision makers of the family.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: A male and a female.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Both has an access to the app.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So before starting I just want to understand like you know what sort of campaigns you have been doing.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What plans do you have when it comes to marketing campaigns and targeting your direct audience.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Maybe only females of the family, maybe only males of the family or maybe a specific cohorting when it comes to tenant and owners.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If you want to target only audience who are more ecom buyers, Quickcom buyers or let's say majorly Amazon deliveries are happening so we can do that sort of cohorting as well.
Sourav Rao: Okay, so are you familiar with the both the brands we have, that is Rabbitat and Headwind, are you familiar with both of those?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Kind of.
Sourav Rao: Yes.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: So I'll tell you what we had in mind was while creating these brands, it's, it's a very niche oriented brand and I believe you are in touch with a lot of premium societies as well.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So currently we are specialized in drinkware and foodwear for kids.
Sourav Rao: That is the rabidat brand.
Sourav Rao: Brand for you.
Sourav Rao: And then there is Headway, which is an adult premium drinkware brand as of now.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Right.
Sourav Rao: Fairly new in the market.
Sourav Rao: We are establishing and penetrating it the target audiences in the lines of people with the income bracket of at least 1, 1.5 lakh rupees per month.
Sourav Rao: You know, it can be a young mother, very niche.
Sourav Rao: So when I saw this particular call from Dishani, right.
Sourav Rao: I understood because I saw a lot.
Sourav Rao: I visited a couple of societies in Noida as well, in Gurgaon as well, where I saw a lot of ads running in elevators.
Sourav Rao: In society, right?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yes.
Sourav Rao: So I saw it as an opportunity and I understood that it can, we can leverage it on a bigger scale and expect a decent amount of conversion and awareness as well.
Sourav Rao: So that's what we.
Sourav Rao: What I have in mind particularly with this collaboration and how does it look?
Sourav Rao: So one thing you highlighted which I was not expecting.
Sourav Rao: So when it comes to online marketing, right, like are you talking about placement on your app or some, some sort.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Of placement on application plus whatever elements you have seen in other societies as in the lift branding or the lobby branding or let's say a toe tax or let's see if you want to distribute coupons to a specific target audience.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we can do that for all our on ground activations.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We just need to acquire the digital creatives from your end.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Whether it's gate branding, whether it's lift branding.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So lift branding is, you know, very aesthetic.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: A3 size posters which are placed with frames inside the lift.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So because you know, you know people tend to have an access to the left at least couple of times in a day.
Sourav Rao: Agreed.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's how we create brand awareness.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: With this brand awareness, what we can do is we can run a digital campaign on our application to generate interest of the audience.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: What's the traffic like on your app?
Sourav Rao: Like?
Sourav Rao: I'm pretty sure the downloads would be in the good links, right?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yes, yes.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What number of users do we have on our application?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So what we'll do is we'll share you, we'll take you through the presentation which we have in that we'll give you a gist about what no broker is, how no brooker hood comes into picture.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What sort of avenues do we have and what is the target audience which can provide you.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So yeah, sort of as you might be aware about multiple assets that we have.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I'll just quickly run you through what in in overall we are as no broker and no brokerhood.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So basically us that is no brokerhood.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We are a sister concern of no brokers.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So no broker is nothing but a platform where in which the buyer and seller meets at brokerage feeds involved and so on.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We have a 3.3 cr users registered in no broker and they are continuously using the application.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And we have a growing team definitely when it comes to no broker.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: In the no broker application there are multiple miscellaneous services and day to day services that are listed.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Like for example any particular household would require a home for nation service or maybe electrical service.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So everything is listed in the application.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: The no broker applications.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now when it comes to no brokerhood, that is us, we are a sister concern.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It's actually in a nutshell, an end to end smart society management application.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Be the resident of the manage the society, be it the management committee of the society or be the guard of the society.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It's a one natural application but in which everyone can track the daily happenings in the society in this one click.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay, so these are certain prime locations that we are currently, you know, situated at.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I believe this is visible to you.
Sourav Rao: Yeah, it is, it is, yeah.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So as Rohit said, on a daily basis we have 15 lakhs of approved entry that is happening.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So for example, if I'm president of no brokerhood I tend to open the application at least two to three times a day.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Be it any person who's coming, be it a swiggy or automato guy coming in, be it a friend of mine coming in as a visitor.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So the tendency of me viewing the application and viewing the assets on the application is more comparatively.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay, so right now sort of we have 21,000 plus societies which are listed with a no broker road.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And these are unique societies.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: The competitors will not have the same societies.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So in terms of household sor, this is how the bifurcation looks.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: In Delhi we have 8 lakh at 75,000 household.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And then it breaks down to different cities.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So on a daily basis or if I'll give you a number, we have A daily active user of say around a million.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That a million users are active daily on our application pan India and on a monthly basis close to 5 million at what the number looks like.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So I'll tell you one thing.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So the active household counts come down to 31 lakhs.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So a household, we mean to say these are the active unique flats, you know and talk about my active users who are there on my application who have logged into my application to access all the services.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: They're close to 85 to 90 lakhs each flat.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We have at least two to three lockets happening.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So majorly all the decision makers, husband and wife.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Let's say if bachelors are living so everybody would have a separate login.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's how we have at least two to three logins which are happening on my application.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So the active users come close to around 90 lakhs out of which my daily active users would be around 1 billion and monthly unique activities would be 5.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So there we were coming.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I mean so we have multiple touch points and with these multiple, multiple touch points we have more access to the residents.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now if I am living in a no pro society, I need to check whether my maid has checked in or not.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So I'll use my noble copy.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I need to see if there is any notification, if there is there is any communication which is happening within the societies.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I'll open no broker for that.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If I need to buy or sell anything, I mean you need to buy or sell let's say your old furniture or let's say a second hand car.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I'll use my no broker.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Any maintenance bills, I need to pay any rent.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: You know, it is 3x of frequent users interaction every day.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: On my application, yes.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So if I talk about my audience it is majorly, you know, sec A and B who are more tech savvy.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now we also have a provision of, you know, audience depending upon if you want to target audience who have four wheelers, you can do that.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If you want to target audience who are more frequent ecom users getting more than two, three deliveries a week, you can do that.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: You can also filter out societies depending upon the premiumness of the flat, evaluation, the valuation.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If I talk about we want to target model down and in model down you want to target societies who have rent rates above 20,000 or 30,000, you can do that.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we have those sort of cohorting also.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So Theani will take you through what sort of retail cohorting we have coming from a city level to town to a user level.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we'll take you through that as well.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So sort of primarily with no brokerhood, we run campaign on hyper local basis as well which is not present with the competitor at the moment.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So for example, if you want to select any specific area in Gurgaon, that sector abc, you want to do the campaign and you do not want to do it somewhere else.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That hyperlocal targeting is something which no brokerhood is specialized with and it's a USPO part that we can give you and will not be present with any other competitor at the moment.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Another USP that we have sort of is tenant and owner targeting.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So for example, you obviously understand that the owners have a specific income range and the tenants have a specific income range, right?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So if you want to target only the owners of a specific region or a specific society, we can do that specific targeting as well.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Thing is we have a gender based targeting as well.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So in multiple brand campaigns in the past, the brand comes to us with you know, a specific criteria that they want to target only the males.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we have done it for a lot of apparel brands as well that they want to target only the males or the females of the society so that their advertisement is just on code to the target audience that they have.
Sourav Rao: Okay, I just have one question.
Sourav Rao: When it comes to user categorization, right?
Sourav Rao: What kind of data are you guys having?
Sourav Rao: Like would you be able to tell me?
Sourav Rao: So for example for particularly for Rabbit, if I initiate an activity with you guys.
Sourav Rao: So Rabbit is serving kids starting at the age of 6 months that goes up to 7, 8 years of age, right.
Sourav Rao: Would we be able to target those people?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So when it comes to targeting the audience basis kids.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's what we don't do at.
Sourav Rao: I understand, I understand.
Sourav Rao: It was a long shot any which way.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Why?
Sourav Rao: Because people won't be hearing anything of their kids data about it.
Sourav Rao: It's irrelevant anyway.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That's not a mandate field when you need to log in.
Sourav Rao: Okay, so see I am having a couple of where we can penetrate a couple of societies.
Sourav Rao: Considering you guys will assist us in handling let's say as I told you that I would be looking to target people with a certain income bracket.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So that so as an estimate we can project let's say a flat cost somewhere analyzer to three to four cross.
Sourav Rao: That person can easily afford my product.
Sourav Rao: So I would be targeting people on in those lines.
Sourav Rao: Help me understand like obviously you guys would be monetizing it for me.
Sourav Rao: How what would that be?
Sourav Rao: That would be intriguing for you to collab with me.
Sourav Rao: Right?
Sourav Rao: Let's say I know you guys must have monetized the advertisement.
Sourav Rao: There would be advertisement cost of some sort.
Sourav Rao: What am I looking at in that perspective?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I mean, if you want to target only societies above 2 crores, so that's how we'll be able to target the premium audience of that particular set of societies.
Sourav Rao: Okay, okay.
Sourav Rao: And what would be you guys charging for the services?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So it depends.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I mean let's say we have digital assets which are being charged on CPM basis cost of thousand impressions.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Sourav Rao: It's a CPM based, Is it a.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: CPC or cpms digital?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We have multiple avenues.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I mean if you want to run a CPM based campaigns, you can do that.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If you want to run cost for household, as in the number of flats you want to target, you can do that on that basis.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Also, if you want to target, let's say if you have a website now you want to drive sales on a website or more engagement on our website, you can run a CPC based model also that's how we'll be, you know, giving you a desired number of redirections on a website.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: And help me understand the CTR of 1.1 to 1.2% is among what size of audience are we talking about which.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We have seen for this particular asset.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We have also seen a CTR is going up to 6 to 7%.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: But again it depends upon the brand.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It depends upon the offering depends on which you are doing.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So it depends upon that.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: But this is the average and the minimum CTRs which we have seen with our captains.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: Is it possible?
Sourav Rao: If you guys can see.
Sourav Rao: So I already got the gist of it.
Sourav Rao: What I would like to understand is if you can share this document with me, I can come up with a lot of questions for you guys and maybe sometime in the next couple of days or so we can circle back, I can ask you those questions because see, it is a opportunity to maybe scale 10 to 15%.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Be a particular channel.
Sourav Rao: It can be Amazon, it can be D2C.
Sourav Rao: We have an Omni channel, we have a very strong omnichannel presence.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So that is something I can pre decide.
Sourav Rao: But if you can share this document with me, what I can do is allow me a couple of days or maybe three days at max.
Sourav Rao: Once I figure out a strategy, you can let me know what are the changes we can incorporate in the same how much is it gonna cost me?
Sourav Rao: And then we can close the deal and move Ahead with the collaboration.
Sourav Rao: Does that sound good?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Works.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It definitely works for us.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What we'll do, we'll share this credentials in the accompanying.
Sourav Rao: See can I run specific offers and lead it to a specific cta?
Sourav Rao: That would also be.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's why I was saying I mean Discover banner or a post approval card which is a hero product of no brokerhood.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: All these assets are clickable.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: All these assets.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: When you use these assets the resident will land onto your campaign page.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now another thing which we can do is we can also run a GIF on our assets.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If there is any specific GIF you want to run, you can do that.
Sourav Rao: Or let's say what are the possibilities of the notification.
Sourav Rao: I saw it in the first slide over here in the home screen.
Sourav Rao: Can we notify some of your customer.
Sourav Rao: Let's say we pick three to four of your best societies which is in my target pool.
Sourav Rao: We would be able to.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We can do that.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Specific offers running.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What you can do is you can use that same creative.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Which you can see your max life insurance.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: You can place your same creative over here.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So this was a hero product of us.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Ashani rightly said we have 15 lakh approved entries per day Pan India.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So what that actually mean is you get a notification on the home screen.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: The first screen you can see you have a notification that so so person is trying to enter the society.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now this could be a visitor.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: This could be a delivery.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: This could be a cap which is entering the society.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: But have this, you need to either approve or deny.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Then only you know she will be allowed to enter the particular society.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So once you take the action a full page banner ad pops up the third screen which you can see max life insurance here we'll place your brand and this would be a clickable property.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So once they click on this they can be redirected to your website.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What next we can do is if there are any offers, we can use the same offers on this creative and we can say that this is specifically for NBS.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That's it.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We can say NBH 10 or NBA 20.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: If there are any offers which are running right.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And this is only redeemable on the website.
Sourav Rao: Okay, help me understand.
Sourav Rao: Rohit, right?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yes.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: Really bad with names.
Sourav Rao: So Rohit, help me understand.
Sourav Rao: You emphasized on that you guys charge on a CPM basis, right?
Sourav Rao: Yes.
Sourav Rao: Is there some kind of dashboard that would give me a visibility to in order to optimize my CPM of sort?
Sourav Rao: Or maybe you would be doing it for us.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: You can do is we'll be sending you reports on daily basis before 12.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that would include the impressions which we have got a day.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That will also include the number of clicks which has happened on this particular asset.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: The clicks defines to the redirections on a website.
Sourav Rao: Makes sense.
Sourav Rao: I believe it holds a lot of value for us.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So we can definitely do a very small POC in a couple of societies just to get a gist of it if it's working for us or not.
Sourav Rao: And once the PoC is success, let's say with a negative or positive or positive variable of let's say 5 or 10%, we can improve the scale.
Sourav Rao: The map I saw commits to most of the cities where our target audience is sitting.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So I believe on a bigger scale we can run a campaign throughout all these cities.
Sourav Rao: That won't be an issue.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Right.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Any particular city you are looking at for a pilot project?
Sourav Rao: Let's say for PoC.
Sourav Rao: I would be targeting Delhi NCR.
Sourav Rao: We are based out of Delhi as well.
Sourav Rao: So that would be something or the other.
Sourav Rao: I would be targeting maybe a premium society from Noida or.
Sourav Rao: And good.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And do you have any physical stores, physical presence in the market or.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We only run on websites.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: We do, we do.
Sourav Rao: So I'll tell you that when it comes to the channels, when I emphasized on the Omni Channel bit.
Sourav Rao: So we have our own website by the name of rabidad.com right.
Sourav Rao: Which is contributing to almost 30% of our revenue on a monthly basis.
Sourav Rao: Then there is Amazon which is also contributing in the same line 28 to 30% of the overall sale.
Sourav Rao: Then, then there is quick comp that is taking up the market.
Sourav Rao: We are holding a majority of the category share.
Sourav Rao: We are only on blockchain right now.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Right.
Sourav Rao: Which is fairly well doing well for us.
Sourav Rao: Then we are also doing a lot of bulk orders.
Sourav Rao: So there's enterprise gifting section over there apart from it.
Sourav Rao: Then there is empty.
Sourav Rao: That is modern trade.
Sourav Rao: Your stores like Mother Care, Haveley's, they they promote kids products a lot.
Sourav Rao: And then there is GT stores as well, general trade stores.
Sourav Rao: So we have a lead by the name of Yoginderji.
Sourav Rao: So he leads the front end.
Sourav Rao: So we are on a pan India level through Omnichannel.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I'll tell you one thing.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So as you said that you know you have presence on quick commerce, you have presence on Amazon.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So what we do have, we have a competitor entry level targeting.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now how does this happen?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Let's say we have a society set of hundred.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Out of these hundred, let's say a flat average flat count of 200.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: That accounts to 20,000 flats.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now in this 20,000 flats there would be flats which have more Amazon deliveries happening.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we can target specifically those set of audience with a redirection link to Amazon where the products are listed.
Sourav Rao: Makes sense.
Sourav Rao: That would be helpful.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Yes.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Now another thing is you also told that you have presence in Quick commerce.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So could you help me?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: What sort of quick commerce?
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I mean either Exacto, Swiggy or what sort of.
Sourav Rao: It's mostly Blinket.
Sourav Rao: So the.
Sourav Rao: So we have.
Sourav Rao: Yeah, we have been on the Blinket map since last six odd months.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Right.
Sourav Rao: And we are scaling day by day.
Sourav Rao: We will be launching Zepto sometime in next five or five to eight days.
Sourav Rao: And we are also exploring the option to expand it till Instamart as well.
Sourav Rao: But the.
Sourav Rao: I believe the Blinket would taking up the whole category.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Great to hear.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So you know Zepto, Blinkit and Swiggy, you know we have been the preferred partners for them when it comes to targeting the audience.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Month on month we run campaigns with them.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So recently Zepto had a tire with UCB I guess or Bata.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So what Zepto did is they branded their products on our website, on our application majorly.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And that's how the sales of both these brands.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Simultaneously BATA and UCB also did a campaign with us primarily targeting audience who are more frequent Zepto users.
Sourav Rao: Okay, nice.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's how they increase their traffic on Zepto on that particular hyperlink where the products are listed.
Sourav Rao: I believe we can.
Sourav Rao: I can keep that in mind while I'm cooking up a lot of questions and a strategy of sort.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: Once we initiate that, we can discuss on how many channels we can incorporate it.
Sourav Rao: But this would be a very helpful approach for us as well because you already have the data of how many Amazon orders in our society, including the blanket and quick compart as well.
Sourav Rao: All right.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So we have all sort of entries because you know what happens is whenever a Zepto or Swiggy guy comes a guard need to do the entry that you know this guy is coming from Swiggy.
Sourav Rao: I come from a SaaS experience.
Sourav Rao: I was making some estimates before this.
Sourav Rao: So I.
Sourav Rao: I believe that makes sense.
Sourav Rao: And I think this we can leverage it to increase our not just impression but overall sales as well.
Sourav Rao: Overall, but in terms of numbers, help me understand Rohit.
Sourav Rao: What are the failure.
Sourav Rao: What are the recent brands you have collaborated with and what is the uptick they are seeing in their revenue.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So recent land, if I talk about we have been doing campus with Flipkart, we have been doing campus with Amazon.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: But across the categories, I mean last year we did big billion days campaign.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And we have CDRs going up to 12%.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Oh nice.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Currently we have done a campaign with Spinny.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: It was a supply based campaign and they've got some 10% or 12% of conversion rate out of this.
Sourav Rao: Nice.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's how you know we have brands who are doing recurring campaigns with us with the cohorting which we have and the competitor entry targeting which we have.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So that's the.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I'll show you what sort of brands do we work.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: But what we'll do is we'll share this deck with you.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Just strategize how do you want to leverage a deck.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: And probably we could set up a call next week, maybe on Monday or Tuesday and we can take a discussion ahead.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So these are the brands, you know, which are recurring brands for us when it comes to marketing.
Sourav Rao: Okay.
Sourav Rao: I, I believe the portfolio is very dense in nature.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So that is an impressive.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: These are some sample brands which you can include in the presentation.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: So itself.
Sourav Rao: I believe we would be able to leverage it considering all the premium brands and the known brands are already in a collaboration with you.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So if we bring in the relevant traffic through the very diverse cohorts you guys have.
Sourav Rao: Right.
Sourav Rao: So if the targeting is right, we can expect.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Just let us know what we'll do is we'll share this list with you.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Okay.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: I'll also share a sample set of societies for Delhi and ncr.
Dishani Harikunwar Singh: Just go to the sample society, have a gist of what low broker food has, what Colorado audience do we have and probably connect on Monday to take the discussion forward.
Sourav Rao: Allow me some time, Allow me till tomorrow.
Sourav Rao: I'll give you a tentative date on when we can catch up.
Sourav Rao: Overall works.
Sourav Rao: Thank you so much guys.
Sourav Rao: Thank you so much.
Sourav Rao: Last call.
Sourav Rao: Thank you so much.
Sourav Rao: Bye.

